Add showValueForVariation prop to SKUSelector (#677)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/SKUSelector.md

| ------------------------------ | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `hideImpossibleCombinations`     | `boolean` | When set to `true` a variation option that leads to a impossible product combination  won't be displayed. If `false`, the variation will be displayed faded (with less opacity), but won't be pressable. | `true`        |
| `maxItems`                       | `number`  | The maximum number of variation items to be displayed before a `See more button` be triggered. The `See more button` will be displayed 2 items before the number set in `maxItems`.| `10`          |

> | `showValueNameForImageVariation` | `boolean` | **DEPRECATED** Use `showValueForVariation` instead | `false`       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `showValueNameForImageVariation` | `boolean` | ![Deprecated](https://img.shields.io/badge/-deprecated-red) Use `showValueForVariation` instead | `false`       |
```

Reviewer: This should add a DEPRECATED badge ;)

> | `showValueNameForImageVariation` | `boolean` | This is deprecated use `showValueForVariation` instead | `false`       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `showValueNameForImageVariation` | `boolean` | **DEPRECATED**. Use `showValueForVariation` instead. | `false`       |
```

Reviewer 3: Ja falei com @guerreirobeatriz pra ela pensar em uma forma uniforme da gente tratar esses casos.

Reviewer 2: como os helicopteros diriam: 🔝 🔝 🔝 🔝 🔝 🔝 🔝 🔝

> | `showValueForVariation` | `ShowValueForVariation` | If it should show the value of the selected variation. The possible values of this prop are the one defined by `ShowValueForVariation` | `'none'` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `showValueForVariation` | `ShowValueForVariation` | If it should show the value of the selected variation. The possible values of this prop are the ones defined by `ShowValueForVariation` | `'none'` |
```

| `showVariationsErrorMessage` | `boolean`| If an error message should be displayed when the `BuyButton` is clicked on but didn't select an option for each available variation | `true` |
| `displayMode` | `Enum` | How the variations will be displayed. It doesn't apply to image variations | `default` |

- Possible values for `ShowValueForVariation`:

| Value | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `'none'` | It won't show any value |

> | `'image'` | Will show the value of the selected vairation by the side of the variation name only the ones that are images. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `'image'` | Will show the value of the selected variation by the side of image variations. |
```
